7.8.14
what is it LIKE to be a bat (for a bat or a human)?  letter i read, that discusses what it is like to be a bat...
the writer may be requiring that a bat has consciousness?
a question that enters my head is do bats think?  if mental processes are prereqs for consciousness then my guess is they are not conscious, however,
if consciousness only requires some vague definition of awareness then perhaps they are conscious. for example, a giraffe knows (non mental process) there is tree with leafy greens for him to eat. or an elephant becomes highly aware of it's situation because there is a lion nearby (awareness via instincts not awareness thru mental processes)

my definition of consciousness is a simply a higher state of awareness if there is such a thing.
this begs the question, what does higher level awareness really require?  assuming only humans are capable, maybe a sense of otherness?  :(

what is experience? isn't it after the fact?
if experience requires higher level mental activity (think, understand, etc) then i would claim then most animals may not have experiences.
however, if experience only requires awareness, then it maybe possible for non-human animals to undergo experience.  
it seems more reasonable to me that I understand that I have experiences rather than actually having experiences.  have u ever been experienced (past tense)? if you are constantly obsessed with having experiences, you may ask yourself, 'how do i know i am having an experience?' this may lead oneself to do all sorts of things to help remember one's experiencing capacity....taking photos, talking about what one is doing while doing it, etc.  

can a plant have experience?  it has no brain at all. there is no awareness of it's living and dying.  perhaps we are saying that most animals are like plants, they have no awareness of their lives. 
do plants and tree experience pain? probably not, but we can assume that animals surely do.  

9.2.14
falefitu passed in 2013

9.29.14
today i won at final jeopardy

10.23.14
what is schizo?  halluc. and delusions
dementia? mental disorder affects memory & thinking 
pyschosis? mental disorder, symptoms are related to schizo
nuerosis (non-disease)?  stress related affects mood, emotion, thinking, etc.

10.23.14
-The biblical concept of righteousness was rooted in the covenant-making God who had ordered creation for communal well-being, ("OR the covenant making man who has ordered God for communal well-being") 
and the righteous were those who invested in the community, the wicked in sin. satan raises the question of whether there is such a thing as disinterested righteousness: if God rewards righteousness with prosperity, will men not act righteously from selfish motives? He asks God to test this by removing the prosperity of Job, the most righteous of all God's servants.[34]

And why dost thou not pardon my transgression, and take away mine iniquity?
Though I were perfect, yet would I not know my soul: I would despise my life. 9:22 This is one thing, therefore I said it, He destroyeth the perfect and the wicked.

10.24.14
satisfaction can change your mood dramatically, and perhaps then you see the error in your way. read this the wrong way.

10.26.14
"now versus later now"
viet cong - continental shelf
liars - scarecrows on a killer slant
parkay quarts - uncast shadow of a southern myth
arthur russell - that's us
The Beach Boys (Live) - Papa-Oom-Mow-Mow 
The beatles - mr. moonlight
The Rivingtons - Mama-Oom-Mow-Mow
Erykah Badu - Soldier - New Amerykah Part One
cryin in the chapel - orioles
rivers of bablyon - 
mac the knife
das racist- u outta know
clash - magnificent 7
Arthur Big Boy Crudup -- Sunny Road
jerimiah jae - taken by the nite
white stripes - sittin in my little room
shura - touch'
fleetwood mac - rattlesnake shake (live in boston)
Francis Bebey 	Tumu Pakara
Wrongtom & Demas J. 	East London
starf*cker  - Rawnald Gregory Erikson the Second
ustad bishmilah khan

1.30.15
As one of the great Zen masters, Dzogchen, said, you do not create karma by committing suicide. You create karma from the way you commit suicide. We know that all reactions, all karma, all momentum, whatever you want to call it, comes from the intention behind the act.

4.22.15
ëSurely the fate of human beings is like that of the animals ñ the same fate awaits them both; as one dies, so dies the other. All have the same breath.í Ecclesiastes 3:19

4.27.15
While in many other countries art is rather a product of prosperity and freedom (USA), Vietnamese art is a social reaction to and an escape from the given limitations.

4.29.15
more idealistic person (utopian world)  
and so u suffer
now i'm scatter-brained 
after-thoughts gives meaning to abstract idea or image (non-narrative)

6.8.15
hot dog eating contest at guantanamo bay

6.22.15
papa ganached.
6.23.15
gas master
7.1.15
The beaches of Bermuda: Horseshoe Bay, Tabacoo Bay, Warwick Long Bay, Jobson Cove???

7.11.15
broadway & 30th was hopeful
LES regresssions
life is going nowhere 


8.25.15
what? where am i?
hard to keep perspective on reality
so immense, past,present, future
basically in a prison

8.30.15
GAYATRI MANTRA:
Om bhur bhuvasva
t·t savit˙r v·ren(i)yam
bh·rgo dev·sya dhimahi
dhÌyo yÛ na pracod·yat 

ascending full moon mantra:
AUM HREEM KLEEM HOOM BRIHASPATAYE NAMAH 

Om Namaha Shivaya (SIVA)
Om Namo Bhagavate Vasudevaya (KRISNA)
Hari Om Tat Sat 

9.19.25
kerataconus:
condition:  thinning of corneal tissue 
symptoms:  blur, light sensitivity, 
causes:  genetic, hormonal, rubbing eyes, squinting, oxidation of bowman (free radicals), magnesium deficiency
prevention:  cross-link surgery, gas perm lense, diet
care:  anti-oxidant, caretenoids, ACE, selenium, magnesium, baking soda flush, taurine drops, MSM 
foods:  PAPAYA, AVOCADO (absorb nutrients), BRAZIL NUTS (selenium), oranges, nuts and seeds, skinned fruit, tannins, tuna (selenium), green tea, dark chocolate (mag), pumpkin seed (mag), fish (taurine), sunflower seed (selenium)

10.13.15
"In Vincent's reality, images also had to have significance.  Any image that did not reach beyond its immediate subject in search of a deep meaning, a broader relevance, he dismissed as mere "impression" an ephemeral artifact, like a sketch, useful in his continuing quest for something more "noble and serious"  To achieve significance, an image had to strip away the specifics and concentrate on what makes us sit up and think.  an image that rises above nature, is the highest thing in art.  

11.3.15
le grain de folie qui est le meilleur de l'art - the grain of madness, that is the best of art

11.15.15
artistic aspects of a picture
oil painting needs sun and air to dry
horla

11.16.15
van gogh is a hyper-aesthetic...who perceives with abnormal, perhaps even painful, intensities, invisible to healthy eyes and removed from banal paths, his is a brain at its boiling point, irresitibly pouring down its lava into all ravines of art, a terrible and demented genius, often sublime, sometimes grotesque, always at brink of the pathological
only a few were chosen by nature, not affect, by instinct, not intellect. only the few, the geniuses, the criminals, the madmen--the savages among us--could see past the banal surface of bourgeois complacency  to the universal mad and blinding coruscaiton of things
the necessary advent of a man, a messiah, a sower of truth, who would regenerate the decrepitude of our art and perhaps of your imbecile and industrialist society

11.17.15
"artists die like women die, like women who have loved much and been hurt by life"
"my aim in life is to make pictures and drawings as many and as well as i can, then, at the end of my life, i hope to pass away looking back with love and tender regret thinking oh, the pictures i might have made

"i feel more and more that we not judge of God from this world. it's just a study that didnt come off.  what can u do with a study that has gone wrong?  if u r fond of the artist, u do not find much to criticize you hold your tongue. but u have the right to ask for something better.  we should have to see other works by the same hand though, this world was evidently slapped together in a hurry on one of his bad days, when the artist didnt know what he was doing or didnt have his wits about him.  all the same, the this good old god took a terrible lot of trouble over this world study of his
i am inclined to think that the legend is right, but then the study is ruined in so many ways. it is only a master who can make such a blunder and perhaps that is the best consolation we can have out of it, since in that case we have a right to hope that we'll see the same creative hand get even with itself. and this life of ours, so much criticized, and for good and even exalted reasons, we must not take it for anything but what it is, and go on hoping that in some other life we'll see something better than this.  

11.19.15
the establishment of social, religious, and political institutions was an important part of the pioneering process. The settlers on the northern plains were homesteading families, not wandering adventurers like trappers and herders.  The farmers depended upon their ability to transform their environment.  The vastness of the prairie was  threatening and disorienting to them, and as soon as they arrived, the settlers began staking physical and psychological claims in the dangerous open space that surrounded them, and initiating the slow process of transformation: nature into society.  The indigenous population was composed of Winnebago Indians, whose attitude toward the land was communal and spiritual.  Threatened by this "irrational"  approach, the settlers congratulated themselves on its banishment.  They established a rational, objective system: the plains were surveyed into neat, geometrical parcels, and each parcel had a particular and individual owner -o'keefe bio

11.23.15
there's nothing left for me
i'm full of misery
i've got a right to sing the blues - billie holiday

11.24.15
who would ever have thought, before war and demons made it plain, that that world would sicken beneath a deadly scab,
a leprous semi-reality and unreality, that, beclouded to the point of total alientation, 
it would be withdrawn from us entirely, 
leaving us in its stead with the ghoslty disorder and insubstantiality of the world as it is today

12.7.15 -12.11.15
tired of kite man world
if u cant function amonst then what

12.24.15
im in my element when i am a little bit out of this world: then i'm in the real world - i'm on the beam. b/c when i'm falling, i'm doing all right; when i'm slipping i say hey this is interesting! it's when i'm standing upright that bothers me: i'm not doing so good; i'm stiff as a matter of fact, i'm eally slipping most of the time, into that glimpse, i'm like a slipping glimse -de Kooning

01.11.16
1.1.16-1.10.16 
i was very depressed
like hopeless really, something related to the lawsuit check,but probably not the meeting with myra on the 8th


1.15.16
you are a very fast wind that goes speeding around the world. and i had a line that signified astral projection, but i didn't have a root. now you've met a person who's fixed like a mountain, and if you get connected with that mountain you might get materialized.  and he is like a frail wind too so he undrstands all these ASPECTS.  I STARTING TO THINK MAYBE I CAN LIVE.  BEFORE IT SEEMED IMPOSSIBLE.  i was just about at the vanishing point and all my things were too conceptual.  be he came in and said, 'all right, i understand you'.  and just by saying that all those things that were supposed to vanish stayed.  -ms de kooning

1.17.16
winter 2007 = return to nyc by road trip 
regular visitation to greenpoint,bk
breaks up with girlfriend on fire island
spring 2008 = move to jersey city
spent 15k on art pieces
winter 2008 - had a panic attack, related to money and arts, moved back to old bridge after my meltdown
jan 2009 - move to fort greene, leave fort greene
2009 - live in nj, work at creative circle?
nov 2009 = one week trip to portland
spring 2010 - tokyo with maria
winter 2010 - spring 2011 - moved to bedstuy, bk; more money trouble, moved back to nj


02.29.16
aap ke paas cash hai? do u have cash?
Kitane baje kamaraa khalee karna hai? what time clear the room?
Paise ab dhoom ya baadh mem? pay now or later?
Naashthaa kab hotha hai? when u serve breakfast?
jab app dopahar ke bhojan kee seva? when u serve lunch?
baadh kar bataiye yah kitab kaise hai. tell me after reading book
Mujhe bhookh lagee hai.  i'm hungry
Mera saman khogaya. my luggage got lost
Aap ko visa nahee chahiye. you wont need a visa


3.14.16
Hexagram 8, Seeking Union
ëSeeking union, good fortune.
At the origin of oracle consultation,
From the source, ever-flowing constancy.
No mistake.
Not at rest, coming on all sides.
For the latecomer, pitfall.í

3.22.16
Perhaps it is because of these difficulties-the limits of language in dealing with the subjective-that many of the early Buddhist texts explain the nature of consciousness in terms of metaphors such as light or a flowing river. As the primary feature of light is to illuminate, so consciousness is said to illuminate its objects. Just as WITH light there is no categorical distinction between the illumination and that which illuminates, so in consciousness there is no real difference between the process of knowing or cognition and that which knows or cognizes. In consciousness, as in light, there is a quality of illumination. --dalai lama


3.26.16
What is the reality of things just as it is? It is the absence of essence. Unskilled persons whose eye of intelligence is obscured by the darkness of delusion conceive of an essence of things and then generate attachment and hostility with regard to them. -shankyamuni?

3.26.16
He who has gone for refuge to the Buddha, the Teaching and his Order, penetrates with transcendental wisdom the Four Noble Truths ó suffering, the cause of suffering, the cessation of suffering, and the Noble Eightfold Path leading to the cessation of suffering.



5.4.16
1.  ëWithout entanglement,
Going on, good fortune.í
2.ëAlarmed, calling out.
Evening and night, bearing arms
Do not fear.í
3.ëVigour in the cheekbones means a pitfall.
Noble one decides, decides.
Goes on alone, meets the rain,
And is indignant as if she were soaked through.
Not a mistake.í
4.ëThere can be constancy ñ no mistake.í
5.ëThe affliction of disentangling.
No medicinal herbs, there is rejoicing.í
6.ëNot calling out.
In the end, pitfall.í

5.6.16
Two of the main types of treatment are antipsychotics and antidepressantsóand they are not interchangeable. Letís take a close look at the difference between the two.

Antidepressants are used to treat depressive disorders (depression, anxiety etc.) and their main purpose is to lift a personís mood. The most common type of antidepressant is the Selective Serotonin Reuptake Inhibitor (SSRI) which increases levels of serotonin in the brainóserotonin is believed to cause feelings of happiness, peace and relaxation. Thus, antidepressants are medications that, at their nexus, are mood lifting.

Antipsychotics differ from antidepressants in that their primary purpose is to manage psychosis; that is, delusions, hallucinations and disordered thought that contribute to conditions such as schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. Antipsychotics work by blocking dopamine, the chemical in the brain that controls reward-driven learning. Higher levels of dopamine contribute to higher levels of extroversion and high risk behaviors and thus antipsychotics are, at their nexus, mood relaxants. 

5.17.16
effects of 1mg of risperidone:
severe headache
severe blurry eyes (4 days after last dose)
depesonalization/delrealization
minor depression
brain dead + body fatigue (zombie)
minor muscle spasm and stiffness


5.19.16
 Krishnamsetty, Nanditha, MD
26 THROCKMORTON LN
OLD BRIDGE, NJ 08857
(732) 360-0287 
(732)3604077


6.11.16
oh lord why me
why not u?  uh duh
jibber week echos 
then cop say to bad man,
then then locks on curly hair
lick my face 
secret skin thunk turn me off
dead boy forever
write to become regular b4 rape 
me oh no u?  game change face 
turn rectangle red blue chappy
turn shit lame dream english fandom
protect her, devil 
jist time, overturn tipping line typing core, god dead skin wake up, god done
god i fake just to do gone i believe no good of u give me nothing
then talk rapped in speaking bones..liver goose, beets weeks on edge
thervada, better go on, histogram deceiver, golden gregor, turn nite to hell
candor bacon art boys, york ghost, parent off, denver coast, fall past, god gone, 
chance for great actor, greek meh, white power, goose shit, histogram...
bold choice last cause hit up. hulk hogan meets nancy regan.


5.13.16
by criticizing 'them' i am able to alleviate my self from fear and apathy and remain confident.
this fear has impaired my intellect and made me weary, scatter-brained thru daily activity
my rationalizations have led me to believe that white people are evil and they are 
out to destroy me.  along with new jersey, and perhaps all of america.  
it is this HATRED that has trumped all else.  

6.14.16
a conditioned being
racing thoughts
much must be considered in context
all of our anxieties are the result of feelings oscillating btwn 
hope and fear  
a reconcilliation  btwn impermanence and death are key to happy life 
lack of experience of our enlightened essence causes suffering in samsara
if we choose to ignore this essence then we will pass on in material desire
and remain in a deluded and confused state of being

7.7.16
nothing happened.


7.8.16
In Buddhism, "mind" denotes an internal sense organ which interacts with 
sense objects that include sense impressions, 
feelings, perceptions and volition

In "The Vipers" discourse (Asivisa Sutta, SN 35.197), the Buddha likens 
the internal sense bases to an "empty village" and the external sense objects
to "village-plundering bandits." Using this metaphor, 
the Buddha characterizes the "empty"[21] sense organs as being 
"attacked by agreeable & disagreeable" sense objects.[22]



7.12.16
Tantra is that Asian body of beliefs and practices which, 
working from the principle that the universe we experience 
is nothing other than the concrete manifestation of the divine energy 
of the godhead that creates and maintains that universe, 
seeks to ritually appropriate and channel that energy, 
within the human microcosm, in creative and emancipatory ways.[1]

Tantra has the following defining features:[19]

    Centrality of ritual, especially the worship of deities
    Centrality of mantras
    Visualisation of and identification with a deity
    Need for initiation, esotericism and secrecy
    Importance of a teacher (guru, acharya)
    Ritual use of mandalas (ma·πá·∏çala)
    Transgressive or antinomian acts
    Revaluation of the body
    Revaluation of the status and role of women
    Analogical thinking (including microcosmic or macrocosmic correlation)
    Revaluation of negative mental states


Tantric ritual seeks to access the supra-mundane through the mundane, 
identifying the microcosm with the macrocosm.[45] 
The Tantric aim is to sublimate (rather than negate) reality.[46] 
The Tantric practitioner seeks to use prana (energy flowing through the universe,
 including one's body) to attain goals which may be spiritual, material or both.[47]


8.5.16
why about the painting now i feel ashamed
the want to do some, beg them?  
be like them?  appreciate them.  give my tongue?
devil worship i must do. like this euro stuff c'mon!
talent too, 
can't relate to painting material/support?


8.5.16
the same matter as always,
too many interest, painting vs movie vs meditation vs etc
arts are too much really, a waste of energy perhaps
plus this silly town and all it's baggage of bs
time is deligitimized my undertakings, but meditation 



  
